Hi guys, in this tutorial I want to use
this motor set image table text to image
to create a nice image like this using a
prompt that is generated from chat GPD.
Okay, let's go. Okay, first thing first,
open the confiere.
Okay, let's go to template. I'm going to
use this model in this tutorial.
Okay. Text image new this one. Okay. You
must download those missing notice from
here. You can download one by one by
clicking this button.
Downloading is begin. Or you can copy
the URL and add it to the internet
download manager. Add URL.
Okay. Start download. for me. I already
download those files. I want to put
those files one by the date list.
Okay.
First one text encoder queen three
turn here
portable UI.
After that, let's search for model list.
I find modist and the model is list.
Let's search for text encoders.
This one. Okay. Here is screen. Drag it
right here.
Second one is v a e.
Where is v modus?
Okay. A drag this one right here.
Okay, the final one is diffusion modus
uh Z modus turbo
modus.
Okay, where is it? Modest turbo. Okay, I
think it's fine. Now let's return right
here
and reload the page.
Okay, it's fine.
And now let's add our prompt right here
and create an image from text. Okay. How
to get this block? You can get from the
chart GPT
GPT. Okay.
In chart GPT
let's choose
G.
friend.
Okay, he's
okay. I want
to
text
you
add image. Sorry.
Okay, this is side of the Okay, you have
the real realistic style, cinemat
cinematic style, anime style. Choose
what you want from those.
Okay, let's choose first one for
example. For example, hit copy
right here. paste here and this is the
resolution of your image and let's run
it and let's see the result.
Okay, this is the result. This looks
very nice. It takes around uh 40 seconds
to create this image.
Okay.